here we are back at CES unveiled in New
York CBM with John glowedin and he is
director product and marketing and
optimization lot for joining thank you
Jeff all right now optoma milk the
projectors big images you bringing
everything download if you see it down
small now with the pico it's a pocket
projector John you're going to describe
for us what are the application behind
it so what we've got is what we're
trying to do you know projectors have
always been sort of a group thing right
which we all talk about personalizing
media personalizing our applications you
know the whole iphone the YouTube
generation right we're good at this
content what are we going to do with it
well how are we going to share it you
think about it and you're saying your
iPhone you may have say a three-inch
image on that screen but what are we
going to do how do we get that out of it
but what we've done is to create our
pocket pico projector PK 101 what it is
is four ounces of some real fun in a lot
of power what it will do is to send all
of the information out that you've got
on your phone for example say you've got
video images you want to pull it out
right say I want to shoot my subsystem
slideshows for grandma or grandpa say
I've got a real estate guy and I've got
a bunch of stuff I want to show a client
for houses I can do that you can show
videos you've got all that that
information it could be a phone it could
be a camcorder it could be you know any
of the smart phones PDAs all that kind
of stuff I could send that straight on
out what we've done is to try to make it
and enable it so there's only a single
type of input composite output that sort
of yellow jack we all see is the most
common output on mobile devices not the
only thing so for example iPods would
have a little you know we have the
little docking connector on the iphone
we've got a special cable kit for that
so Jeff this will start shipping
literally first partner December going
to go online with the first at
amazon.com and bestbuy com price will be
about 399 and we're ready to go and have
a lot of fun with this thing for a lot
of folks all right very good when you
sell it a tripod with that any bundles
and he's supposed to scream we're
looking to do a lot of different
accessories that make sense so we will
have some kind of a tripod their ships a
little tripod adapter it looks kinda
ladder if you can see it in there it's
that little thing right there so out of
the box this little hole right there you
can look on any tripod in each unit
you're going to get in each box you'll
get two batteries so you get up to say
four hours using both batteries on this
thing each battery about two hours and a
half right mode all right so designed
really to use it and have fun with it
all right cool very good